Hooking up TravisCI (#2)
cerner/terra-application: src/terra-dev-site/doc/reference.1/components/ApplicationBase.doc.mdx

import PropsTable from 'terra-application/src/application-base/ApplicationBase?dev-site-props-table';

# ApplicationBase

The ApplicationBase component is the entrypoint into the Terra application framework.

> > Note: ApplicationBase satisfies the base-level requirements for Terra component usage. Rendering a separate Base component from `terra-base` is not necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: ApplicationBase satisfies the base-level requirements for Terra component usage. Application base encapsulates the `terra-base` component making it unnecessary to render a separate instance.
```

## Usage

```jsx
import ApplicationBase from 'terra-application/lib/application-base';
```

## Props

> <PropsTable />

Reviewer: ![](https://media.giphy.com/media/9DnzBDe9bF06OICDfQ/giphy.gif)

Reviewer 2: It works like a charm
